1, 2, 3, 4.
Well, I took my tutu on a tangent.
>> Welcome back and in this one I'm going
to show you how to create a transition
type of animation in Google Flow, but
you can really apply this workflow to
any AAA video generator. To pull off
this transitions starting with a great
image is the key. This is mainly because
we need to provide a clear instruction
to exactly what will transition in and
out of the frame. I have these three
images. This is the first one, then we
will go to the second one, and then we
will transition to the third one. I've
created these images right here on
Google Flow, but if you are a designer,
you probably already know how to build
this type of images on Canva or Figma.
Nevertheless, first I will show you how
to create the video transitions, and
then we will talk about creating this
type of images. Once you have the
images, you just need to drag and drop.
I'm going to put them as an ingredient.
I'm not going to lock the image, just
use it as a reference. The next thing is
to add instructions in what you want to
do. I mean, the style, and also what
will transition in and out of the image.
Oh, and if you want a document with
everything that we are doing right here,
go to the comments, comment prompt down
below, and I will send you the link.
[music] First, we start with the style.
A stop motion type of collage animation.
And then we provide instructions in what
we want to transition in and transition
out. Notice I'm being very precise. I'm
saying that we have the title of the
show snap into place at the top secured
by tape. Now, this might happen or not
because we don't have the reference.
Nevertheless, it will try. At the left
of you we have guitars, and then on the
right, you know, we have more
instruments. So, I want [music] to slide
from the left and then do something else
on the right. We have some microphones
all over the place. Well, they fly into
frame. And then we have the image of the
subject. And I'm saying that the cutout
of the man on this tool drops into the
middle. So, again, you target every
little piece and you provide an
instruction. And then we move on to the
transition out. The elements on the left
peel off to the right side while the
elements on the right peel off to the
left side. [music] So, you really need
to spend some time crafting this prompt.
Unless if you don't add the transition
instruction, the model will try to do it
for you. So, that's it. Now, one more
important thing, as a model, of course,
I will go to video. I'm going to use
ingredients 69 just one, and then I will
use Omni flash. Then 10 seconds of this
animation will make it really, really
slow. Uh selecting maybe six or four is
just more than enough. I will go to six,
and then I'm going to run it. Now, do
you need to really craft this prompt
yourself? Of course not. You can ask the
AI agent on Google flow to write it for
you. I'm going to use Gemini because not
everyone has access to the agent, and
everyone has access to Gemini. [music]
First, I'm going to drag and drop the
image that we are using as a reference,
and then on my prompt, I'm asking to
create a text prompt. This is important
for Google flow Omni video generator.
So, we are providing that context. I
want to create [music] the animation
collage. Prompt should include
to transition in and transition out. And
then as an additional, I'm adding more
instructions for the transition out. I
want something very specific. So, when
we [music] ask Gemini, it will keep that
instruction in mind. And then at the
end, provide a text response only. And
this is important. Gemini will always
want to create an image. So, by saying
provide a text response only, it will
give us just a prompt. I'm getting a
response, and while this will work, you
know, maybe we want a more detailed
response. So, if that's the case, I'm
going to go right here to the prompt and
just ask to be more detailed and
creative. So, usually when you work on
Gemini, depending on the time and the
country that you're using it, sometimes
it will give you an awesome response,
and sometimes it will give you a very
small, short response. And now we are
getting what we wanted. Notice it's
really reading the image and providing a
lot of different instructions for the
different parts. So, there you go. Just
ask for it. We get the video back. I'm
going to play the video, and I will put
the image right here on the screen so we
can compare the differences.
It is actually pretty good. Now, you
might notice that not every single
detail is 100% faithful to the actual
image, and that's okay. Remember, it's
using your image as a reference. Uh but,
the animation is pretty much spot-on.
Actually, if you work with a way more
complex collage, you might need to run
it multiple times to make it work or
just simplify your collage. Now, we just
need to repeat the same process. We have
this the second transition with the
woman and the cat, and then the last
transition. I'm going to take this one
and just drag and drop. We start with
the style or what we want to do, and
then the instructions for the
transitioning in and the [music] out.
Remember to go to the comments to get
these prompts. I'm going to run it, and
while this one is going, I'm going to
kaboom delete this one, going to drag
and drop the last one as a reference,
and I'm going to use this prompt. We
start with the [music] style, and then
the instructions for in and out. Fingers
crossed, and I'm going to run it. We get
them. Let's take a look at the uh second
one.
We get the woman and the [music] cat.
Notice the difference between the
reference.
So, this is the case where I need to run
it again to get something a little bit
closer to the reference. Let's take a
look at the other one. Going to play it
back.
Great.
And the rock show. Again, we have those
tiny differences, but this is normal.
Okay, that's the video side [music] of
things. What about the images? None of
this works if you don't provide a good
reference. We can do all of this here,
but of course, it doesn't replace the
level of detail if you are a designer
and you do it on Canva, Figma, or
whatever. [music] For my collage, I have
three different subjects. The man, which
is the host, and then we have the
co-hosts,
>> [music]
>> which are the cat and the woman. I'm
going to go at the bottom, use image,
and use Nano Banana Pro. The first thing
that you need to define
>> [music]
>> is the style. This is my style, magazine
cut and paste collage, tape, marker, and
then we just define all the different
elements that we want to use. And then,
after that, we add the references and
the instructions of that very specific
image. Now, we could craft the whole
thing right here on the prompt by using
the style, but we can use the agent. I'm
going to copy the style, and I'm going
to go to the actual agent. Then, I'm
going to take the image demand as an
ingredient and drag and [music] drop.
Then, I will ask the agent to create a
text prompt to use on an image generator
like Nano Banana. Why am I doing
something like this? Well, maybe because
you don't have access to the agent. If
you copy this and you put it on Gemini,
this will work on Gemini. Then, I let
the agent know what the style is, and
then we provide more instructions, like
the title of the show and what we have
on that element. Now, I'm just saying
that the image should include
instruments. So, Nano Banana has a lot
of liberty to create an image. If you
want very specific elements on specific
parts of the composition, you need to
prompt for it and then provide a text
response only. And this again for
Gemini. When we get a response, the
agent is proposing three different
designs. How great is that? And right
here, you just need to read the prompts
and pick the one that you like the most.
If you want to make some changes, go to
the agent, to the actual chat, and let
the agent know what you want to change.
I'm going to go with the first one
because, you know, why not? In this
case, the agent got it wrong. Remember,
I was asking for a text prompt, but it's
just going and creating four different
images without asking permission, which
is not that good, but, you know, let's
see what we get back. When we get it
back, we can see that we have some
variations of the previous design, and
they are all pretty, pretty good. Now,
if I wanted to start over, let's say
that I go to a new chat or new session
on the agent, and then I go and ask for
the same thing, in this case for the
woman and the cat and the second
transition. Now, isn't it easier just to
ask the agent to do everything all at
once? Yeah, it is. First, I will take
the subjects as an ingredient, first the
man, then the woman, and then the cat.
And this is my prompt. It doesn't change
that much, but first I'm asking to
create three different images with the
following instructions. We provide the
global style, the first image
instructions, the second image
instructions, and the third image
instructions. And to finish, it's clear
that we want to use a 16:9. And that's
it. Not to be confused with the this
generations, I'm going to go right here
and delete them all. Right, we get the
variations for the first one, the second
one, and the third one. And I really
like the first and the second. I don't
like the second one that much, but you
know, we could ask the agent to create
it again, or we can even go to the edit
and just change it. Also, notice that
the subjects are pretty, pretty
consistent. This is because the model,
in this case Niji Journey, is heavily
trained on subject consistency. So, it
doesn't matter if we lock it or not, it
will still do a pretty, pretty good job.
Nonetheless, if you're not getting it,
go right here and make sure that when
you use the keyword man or woman or your
subject, you do add and then you just
lock your reference. All right, so
that's it. If you liked all of this,
remember to leave a like, subscribe, and
leave a comment. Don't be a stranger.
[music]
>> [music]